the easy way to do this video would be
to explain that the sensei wireless is
basically the sensei with like an
upgraded sensor that goes up to 8200 CPI
natively and 50 CPI increments and up to
16,000 400 TPI with the SteelSeries
Engine 3 software it's and fancy
interpolation although I doubt any of
that would be necessary since you can
own 1440p monitor anything that high
will be beyond being able to control but
they also removed a wire so I guess
we'll need a full video for this with
its factory tuning and data center DNA
and Intel 730 series SSD is an amazing
choice for gamers and performance
enthusiasts so let's open up with a
physical tour of the mouse my immediate
impression was one of relief that
SteelSeries has ditched the glossy
plastic of the sensei and gone back to a
soft touch finished like the zai in the
iqari series bravo steel series hard
plastic is sucky and I really like this
implementation now a tour of the buttons
they are all completely remappable with
a pretty comprehensive list of
individual commands or macros that can
be set up with no delay a recorded delay
or a predetermined delay and starting on
the top we've got your standard left and
right click with a middle click scroll
wheel that has a very satisfying
resistance as you scroll and a great
rubber texture some people will be
turned off by the fact that that scroll
wheel does not include tilt but
personally I find till a little bit hard
to use without accidentally clicking it
anyway so I don't miss it and then
finally the last button on top is a CPI
toggle that you can use in a sniper mode
if you want or reprogram it to whatever
else if you want anyway on the sides the
mouse is ambidextrous so there are two
buttons on each side for your pinky or
your thumb depending on whether you're a
righty or a southpaw and then finally on
the bottom you've got the sensor
charging contacts for the internal
battery a power switch a connect button
that I never had to use and finally a
cable lock for when you want to switch
to Wired mode a nice touch in terms of
customizability the mouse has three
different lighting zones each of which
can be used to indicate battery status
with green yellow and red color codes or
be configured to glow any color you want
with either a steady glow or a breathing
effect the zones are on the sides of the
scroll wheel the SteelSeries logo at the
back
and finally around the outside of the
base station where the mouse goes on top
of it speaking at the base station I
actually really like the implementation
here there's only so much you can do to
make a mouse feel premium without making
it heavy
so SteelSeries have thrown that
premiumness into the base station it's a
flat charging dock that has a really
high end you know nice heft to its
construction with a thick aluminum top
plate and then a great rubberized grip
II bottom so it's not going to go
anywhere it's flat so the mouse is very
easy to put in place and have it be
charging and the braided cable that
plugs into it looks and feels nice and
not only that but it acts as an
auxiliary cord for the mouse as well now
I would have preferred an additional
cable that goes from the base station to
the mouse so that you don't have to
unplug and then replug the mouse in
while switching and wait for it to be
readit ected but maybe we'll get a
feature like that in revision 2
somewhere down the line back on the
subject of the weight of the mouse
though the sensei Wireless is on the
heavy side at about a hundred and
seventeen grams and considering that
compared to other you know competitive
gaming mice it needs a battery then I
guess that weight seems pretty
reasonable I mean it's almost exactly
the same as the logitech g502 without
any added weights which is a wired mouse
and only about five grams more than the
old sensei but as an old-school akari
laser user I might have liked something
a bit lighter with an optional weight
system if they could swing it again I
understand the constraints given that it
is Wireless and that's about it for
hardware so let's move on to the
software SteelSeries engine has evolved
a lot and supports an unlimited number
of profiles now that you can trigger
with application or game launches with
the usual suspect adjustments such as
lift distance angle snapping polling
rate and acceleration control in there
as well that's all old stuff though the
big new feature that's being introduced
with the sensei wireless but actually
works with other devices as well is
SteelSeries cloud it basically just
syncs your profiles across devices
whenever you sign into SteelSeries
engine 3 in much the same way that
competing solutions do with a big part
of the pitch being that you aren't being
forced to use it if you do decide to use
it the sign up process takes a few
seconds and they just
ask for a name email address and
password you can give them your birthday
and gender if you want but if you don't
feel like it you just press skip neat
final thoughts time since it weighs
about the same until the best of my
ability to perceive it performs exactly
the same as an equivalent Wired Gaming
Mouse there are only a couple of things
to really discuss in this conclusion
first is the convenience of being able
to use it from the couch aside whether I
think it's worth it to deal with the
hassle of recharging versus the hassle
of cord drag to start with the 16 hour
battery life is not very impressive well
it's enough for any but the most
hardcore gaming sessions and a flat easy
to align aesthetically pleasing charger
is a heck of a lot better than a finicky
one like the one that came with my first
wireless mouse in the Logitech MX duo
hardcore gamers will have to charge
their mouse every day or two or keep an
eye on the colored battery indicator to
avoid needing to switch to Wired mode
from time to time something that would
bother me less if it wasn't for the
whole readit ection thing the second is
the controversial continued use of laser
sensors that most massive dpi or CPI
ratings but are known to have
acceleration even if you turn it off
compared to less expensive optical
sensors like the Pixar 3090 and 3310
that do not I understand that it puts
SteelSeries in an awkward position since
they'd be saving only a couple of bucks
on the sensor so they'd be trying to
market a hundred and fifty dollar
wireless mouse that doesn't have
top-of-the-line specs in every category
against their competitors and I realize
that a big part of the problem is the
consumers who are mindlessly shopping by
bigger numbers or whatever about some
pro player I think these cool uses but I
would like to see SteelSeries use the
most appropriate hardware rather than
what sounds better
I wouldn't ask this of just anyone but I
think SteelSeries leaders that they are
in the gaming peripheral space have a
responsibility to invest in educating
gamers about the real world gaming
experience that a perfect sensor
delivers versus one with amped up CPI
but maybe most people will think I'm
just being a crusader over nothing here
I mean if you're using a laser mouse
already and it's not
bothering you then this one won't bother
you either so if you like everything
else about it the overall performance of
the sensei Wireless can't be faulted
enjoy your new gaming mouse if you've
got the bling-bling to afford one of
them thank you for watching guys the
link for where to find pricing for this
product is in the video description
below the like dislike and share buttons
which you should use accordingly also in
the video description is a support link
that we'd love for you to use if you
appreciate what we do you can give us a
monthly contribution you can buy a
t-shirt or you can change your browser
bookmarks to sites that give us an
affiliate kickback whenever you buy
stuff such as amazon.com it helps us out
a lot thanks again for watching and as
always don't forget to subscribe
you